# Fall 2019 Game Design — Final Project

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

---

## Introduction
There are fourteen genres briefly discussed on pages 16–17 of our text. Choose one as the focus of your final project, avoiding augmented reality and party games. **Note**: The content of your project may not be racist, sexist, ablelist, transphobic, homophobic, misogynist, or offend any other category protected under applicable federal, state, or local law; and, it may not show or promote the abuse of animals.

---

## Instructions
### Levels
Your game requires three levels. The textbook discusses the different definitions of the term “level” as it pertains to game design. Regardless of your game’s genre, level — in the context of this project — is synonymous with every definition discussed in the book. Revisit **Level 9, Everything I Learned About Level Design, I Learned from Level 9** for a clearer definition.

### Documentation
Your game requires a manual that instructs users on how to play your game. This is called a game design document, which is a multi-page manual and blueprint of your game. You’ll be authoring a succinct version called “the one-sheet.” In your one-sheet, include **only** the following:

* Game title
* Target age of players
* Summary of game play
* Description of the three levels of game play

**Note**: The concepts in this section are discussed in more detail in **Level 4: You Can Design a Game, but Can You Do the Paperwork?**

Write all your one-sheet-related content in `THE-ONE-SHEET.md`, which is included in this repository. Ensure its Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level is at least 9.

---

### Rules
* On game load, a UI asset should be displayed to the player that allows him/her/them to choose which level to play.
* Do not save scores; that is, do not save state.
* It should be clear to the player, via a UI asset, what level they’re on.
* A scoring mechanism must be implemented so as to indicate which entity is winning/losing.
* At the completion of every level, the player should be returned to the initial game load state.
* Your sketch’s code must be placed in `sketch/sketch.pde`.
* Any images you use must be placed in `sketch/img`. Keep each image under 1MB.

---

## Due Date
⏰ **Thursday, 19 December 2019, at 10:59 AM. 🚫 _No late work will be accepted._**

---

## Submission
Issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your forked was created, before the deadline. [Look at these videos](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/) for help on how to do so.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. 🚫 **_No other form of submission will be accepted_**.

---

## Advice
* Start immediately
* Use Git/GitHub for every aspect of this project

---

## Grading
| Item                                             | Points |
|--------------------------------------------------|:------:|
| **Code quality, incl neatness and comments**     | `50`   |
| **Quality of documentation, via Flesch-Kincaid** | `30`   |
| **Game user experience**                         | `20`   |
